
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　He is a mute, although he can understand others' speech, still cannot say 
his own actually feelings. She is his neighbor, the girl who is bound by a 
common destiny with the grandmother.

	　　他是个哑巴，虽然能听懂别人的话，却说不出自己的真实感受。她是他的邻居，和外婆相依为命。

	　　He really looks like an elder brother, leads her to go to school, 
accompanies her to play, listens to her chirp with a smile grasps the 
speech.

	　　他的确像个哥哥一样，领着她上学，陪着她玩耍，含笑听着她唧唧喳喳的讲话，领会她话中的意思。

	　　He only uses the hand signal and she converses, possibly she is able to 
read his each look. Gazes at in her vision from elder brother, she knew he has 
liked oneself.

	　　他只用手语和她交谈，而她能明白他的意思，可能她能读懂他的每一个表情。从他注视她的目光里，她知道他对自己心有所属。

	　　Afterwards, she finally passed tests and went to college, she was extremely 
happy. He then starts to go all out to make money, then sends continuously for 
her. She has not rejected.

	　　后来，她终于考上了大学，开心极了。他却开始拼命挣钱，然后不断地寄钱给她供她读书。她并没有拒绝。

	　　Finally, she has graduated and started the work. Then, she said firmly to 
him that, “Elder brother, I must marry to you!” He looked like only the 
frightened rabbit to escape, again is not willing to see her, how regardless of 
she does entreat.

	　　终于，她毕业了，参加了工作。这时，她坚定地对他说：“哥，我一定要嫁给你!”他却害怕得像一只受惊的兔子一样，唯恐避之不及，无论她怎样哀求，他再也不愿见她了。

	　　Do you think I pity you? Do you think I appreciate you? No, I've fallen in 
love with you since I was 12. But, she can not obtain his reply.

	　　她对他说：“你以为我是同情你吗?想对你报恩吗?不是，我12岁时就爱上你了。”可是，她得不到他的答复。

	　　One day, She has been admitted to the hospital suddenly. He has scared, 
runs to look at her. Doctor said, in her throat steadily a lump. Although has 
excised, the vocal cord is destroyed actually, possibly again also could not 
deliver the speech. On hospital bed, Her tearful eyes dance gaze he. Therefore 
they married.

	　　有一天，她突然住进了医院。他吓坏了，跑去探望她。医生说，她喉咙里长了一个肿块，尽管已经被切除了，声带却意外被破坏了，可能她再也讲不了话了。病床上，她泪眼的注视着他，于是，他们结婚了。

	　　Very many years, nobody listens to them to deliver a speech. They use the 
hands, with pen, converses with the look and shares things that are joyful and 
sad. They became so happy that the men and women envied so much. The people 
said, how happy that pair of mute husband and wife is!

	　　很多年过去了，没有人听他们讲过一句话。他们用手、用笔、用眼色交谈，分享着生活中的喜悦和悲伤。他们成了男男女女羡慕的一对爱侣。人们说，“那一对哑巴夫妻多么幸福啊!”

	　　Love could not prevent god of death arrival, he abandoned her to walk 
first. People feared she cannot undergo losing lover's attack to comfort her。By 
now, She takes back gazes at his portrait after-image with the dull crazy 
vision, opens the mouth to say suddenly that,“He walked.”

	　　但爱情阻挡不了死神的降临，他离开了她，先去了那个世界。人们担心她经受不住失去爱侣的打击，纷纷来安慰她。到这时，她收回注视着他遗像的呆痴迷失的目光，突然开口说了句：“他去了。”

	　　The rumor has revealed ...

	　　谎言从此被揭穿了…
