
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　Many years ago, a baby boy came into this world. But unfortunately, he 
didn't come with a cry, which was a big problem from the medical point of view. 
The doctor, tough and quick, turned the baby upside down and slapped his bottom 
sharply. The baby cried, and he survived. At that moment, the father yelled at 
the doctor, "Why did you hit my baby?" He did not realize that the doctor had 
saved the baby's life. The baby cried and cried, and the father smiled and 
silently cried as well. He held the baby in his arms and did not allow the 
doctor to touch the baby anymore...

	　　很多年前，一个男婴来到了这个世界。但遗憾的是他没有“呱呱落地”，从医学角度来说，这是一个很大的问题!好在医生现场反应很快，也很强悍，一下子把男婴倒提起来，对着屁股一阵狂打。男婴终于哭了，脱离了生命危险。当时在场的孩子父亲不干了，对着医生吼道，“你为什么打我的孩子啊?”他并没有意识到医生救了这孩子的命。男婴不停地哭，这位父亲面带微笑，高兴地默默流泪。他紧紧地把婴儿抱在怀里，再也没有让医生碰一下这个孩子……

	　　Contest chair, ladies and gentlemen, that baby was me, and that man was my 
dad. Whenever my mom told people this story, I would always laugh aloud, and my 
dad would just shake his head and smile quietly.

	　　大会主持人，女士们先生们，那个婴儿就是我，那个男的就是我老爸。每当妈告诉别人这个故事时，我总会放声大笑，而老爸则会一边摇头一边默默地微笑。

	　　Dad never tried to hug or kiss me when I was a child. And of course, he 
never said "I love you" to me, either. Maybe it's a Chinese cultural thing, or 
maybe that's the way my dad was. But whenever I felt defeated, sad or lonely, 
dad was always there. Dad was a man of few words, but I always liked to talk to 
him, and I could always feel a very special connection to him.

	　　我小的时候爸从来不抱我，从来不亲我，当然他也从来不说“我爱你”这三个字。也许这是中国文化的问题，也许爸就是这种人。但每当我受挫、伤心或孤独无助时，爸总会在默默地关心我。老爸话不多，但我总喜欢有什么话都给他说，同是我也总是能感到和老爸之间那种无法言喻的特殊关系。

	　　As I got older, I had a huge crush on a girl. She was tall and beautiful, 
with long hair. One day, I walked up to her and blurted out, "you are so 
beautiful baby. I love you so much. Please be my wife!" She was afraid and ran 
away with tears in her eyes. She told my teacher, and my teacher was so angry 
that she made me stay after school, and called my dad to take me home. My first 
love was over, and that year I was 7 years old.

	　　等我大一些的时候我疯狂爱上了一个女孩子。她又高又漂亮，还有一头长发。终于有一天，我忍不住了，走到她面前，很快地说道，“亲爱的，你太漂亮了!我太爱你了!做我老婆吧!”没想到她吓坏了，抹着眼泪跑掉了，然后就告诉了老师。老师当时非常生气，放学后没让我回家，并给老爸打电话，让他过来领人。我的初恋就这样夭折了，那年我七岁……

	　　On the way home, dad was very quiet. It seemed that nothing had happened. 
Finally I broke the silence and asked him, "Daddy, did I do something wrong?" 
Dad paused for a while as he always did and said quietly, "Son, you did nothing 
wrong, except that it's too early for you to pursue girls." "Daddy, do you think 
I could marry a tall and beautiful girl with long hair when I grow up?" I asked. 
Dad gave me one of his rare laughs and said, "Of course you could. You are so 
handsome! Just like your handsome father." For the first time, I realized that 
dad had a sense of humor, although he was always quiet.
