
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　Every girl is a treasure but way too often we forget how precious they 
are.

	　　每个女孩都是件珍宝，只是我们常常忘了自己有多珍贵。

	　　I put together a list of 10 things that all girls should remember in order 
to stay balanced, grounded and amazing as we are born to be。

	　　我整理了一张清单，列出10件所有女孩应该记住的事，它们能让我们回归女性的平衡、稳定和精彩。

　　1. You are beautiful

　　你很美丽

	　　Every girl deserves to shine in this world, inside and out. Don't let 
anything or anyone let you doubt how beautiful you are because you are a gem 
like no other。

	　　每个女孩都应活得神采飞扬，无论内心还是外在。别让任何事、任何人使你质疑自己的美丽，因为你本就是块独一无二的珍宝。

	　　2. You are strong

　　你很坚强

	　　Life sometimes seems too hard and difficult to understand but no matter 
what obstacles are standing in your way right now you have the power to overcome 
them. Sometimes your strength lies in stubbornness and determination but even 
more often it is hidden in your ability to go around obstacles and learn from 
the previous mistakes. Be strong as a fire that crushes everything in its way 
and like water that finds a way around any obstacle with gentle determination 
and a peaceful flow。

	　　有时生活既艰难，又难懂，但无论你面对着怎样的障碍，都要记住你有跨越它们的能力。有时候力量源自你的固执和决绝，但更多的时候，吸取以前的教训，聪明地绕过障碍是你潜在的更大力量。要像火一样勇猛无畏，歼灭一切眼前障碍;更要像水一样具有柔中带刚的力量，安静地绕过挫折，获得胜利。

	　　3. You are THE BEST at being yourself

　　做自己的时候最棒

	　　You have unique gifts and talents that no one else in this world has. 
Sometimes we feel that we need to be someone else in order to fit in, and be an 
image that we believe everyone else will love. No matter how hard you try to be 
someone else you will never be good enough. You will do the best and be the 
happiest only if you stop living by someone else's standards and start using 
your unique potential to shine like a light in this world。

	　　你拥有这世上独一无二的天赋。有时我们会觉得：为了更好融入这世界，我们得扮成别人，或是扮演我们认为人人都会喜欢的形象。然而，无论你多努力，也永远当不了完美的“别人”。只有抛开别人的标准，挖掘自己的潜力，你才能成为最好、最快乐的自己。

	　　4. You deserve being taken care of and cherished

　　你值得被珍惜

	　　We spend a big part of our lives trying to make others like us. The truth 
is that no one will ever like you if you don’t start loving yourself first. Give 
your love to others like you do every day already but don’t forget to leave some 
for yourself. Spend some time reading your favorite book and exercising. You 
will be a better one!

	　　在一生中，我们花了许多力气来让别人喜欢我们。而事实上，如果不自爱，别人亦不会爱你。对他人付出的同时，也请记得留一些给自己。花点时间去读书、锻炼吧，你将会成为更好的自己!

	　　5. You are rich。

　　你很富有

	　　True wealth comes from within. Of course, money matters but so does the way 
you spend and treat it. If money is the only purpose of your life then you will 
never feel rich even if you become a millionaire. Treat money the way it was 
meant to C as means to existence rather than the ultimate source of happiness 
and joy. Right now write down 5 things that make you a rich person and keep this 
list where you will always see it。

	　　真正的富有来自内心。钱很重要，但你对待金钱的方式也很重要。假如赚钱是你生活的唯一目标，那即使成为百万富翁，你也不会觉得开心。把钱看成是维持生存的工具吧，而不是能带来快乐和幸福的源泉。现在开始，写下5件能让你觉得自己很富有的事，并把这张纸贴在醒目的地方。

	　　6. You deserve pursuing your passion

　　你有追逐梦想的权利

	　　Your passion is the integral part of you, the minute you lose it you will 
start losing yourself. Did you ever feel that you hardly even remember the girl 
you were when you were 16? What gave you that enthusiastic drive to pursue your 
goals and dreams?

	　　梦想使你完整。一旦失去它你便将失去自己。是不是偶尔会觉得，你已经不记得自己16岁时的模样了?那时候的自己，为什么总可以这么开心?是什么东西给了你热情，让你有动力去追逐自己的梦想和人生?

	　　No matter how many years passed since you were 16, that girl still lives 
inside of you. Even though today you have responsibilities, chores and THE 
schedule you still need to make room for your passion。

	　　无论你距离16岁有多遥远，那个小女孩其实仍然存活在你心中。虽然现在的你可能背负着各种责任和义务，但你仍旧该为梦想留存着位置。

	　　7. Your sensitivity is your biggest power

　　敏感正是你最强大的武器

	　　You are delicate as a flower and you need love to survive. Don’t be afraid 
to show your weakness every once in a while and let your loved ones help you. 
Your power lies in multiplying the love and care that you receive and spreading 
it in the world around you。

	　　你如花朵般娇弱，需要爱的滋养。不要拒绝偶尔的示弱，让你爱的人来帮助你吧。将收到的关爱加倍扩散到整个世界，这是你最大的能力。

	　　8. You are courageous

　　你很勇敢

	　　Living a full life means being bold and courageous in order to protect what 
you stand for and aspire for your biggest dreams. Every day we face choices and 
the course your life is taking depends greatly on how courageous you are when 
making decisions. Don't settle for the easiest choice but rather use your 
courage to live a bold and full life。

	　　过充实的人生意味着你将变得勇敢无畏，来保护自己坚持的东西，追寻自己的梦。我们每天都面对着挑战，你面对选择时有多大的勇气决定了你能过怎样的人生。不要贪图安逸，勇敢地去过想要的充实人生吧。

	　　9. You are perfect

　　你很完美

	　　You are the masterpiece of perfection as long as you let your inner light 
shine and knowhow invaluable you are。

	　　只要你的内心还存有微光，只要你始终明白自己有多珍贵，你就是上帝最完美的杰作。

	　　10. You are what you want to be

　　你就是你想成为的自己

	　　Our deepest wishes are whispers of our authentic selves. We must learn to 
respect them. We must learn to listen。

	　　我们心中最深刻的愿望就是内心真实自我的呼声。我们需要学习尊重和倾听内心的声音
