
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　Dear God：

	　　亲爱的上帝：

	　　Now that I am no longer young, I have friends whose mothers have passed 
away. I have heard these sons and daughters say they never fully appreciated 
their mothers until it was too late to tell them.

	　　如今我已不再年轻，一些朋友的母亲已经去世了。我曾听这些子女们说过，他们从没有向母亲充分表示过他们的感激之情，而待到要告诉时为时已晚了。

	　　I am blessed with the dear mother who is still alive. I appreciate her more 
each day. My mother does not change, but I do. As I grow older and wiser, I 
realize what an extraordinary person she is. How sad that I am unable to speak 
these words in her presence, but they flow easily from my pen.

	　　幸运的是，我亲爱的母亲依然健在。我对她的感情与日俱增。母亲没有变，而我却变了。随着年岁的增长，我越来越懂事了，我认识到她是个非常了不起的人。这些话在她面前我难以启齿，但在笔下却可以轻易地写出来，这令我感到多么难过。

	　　How does a daughter begin to thank her mother for life itself? For the 
love, patience and just plain hard work that go into raising a child? For 
running after a toddler, for understanding a moody teenager, for tolerating a 
college student who knows everything? For waiting for the day when a daughter 
realizes her mother really is?

	　　一个女儿该怎样开口感谢她的母亲所给予的生命?感谢她在抚养孩子时所付出的爱、耐心以及无私的辛勤劳动?感谢她跟在蹒跚学步的孩子身后奔跑，对情绪不定的少女的理解，以及对一个自以为是的大学生的宽容? 
感谢她等待女儿认识到她真是一位好母亲的这一天?

	　　How does a grown woman thank for a mother for continuing to be a mother? 
For being ready with advice (when asked) or remaining silent when it is most 
appreciated? For not saying: ' I told you so ', when she could have uttered 
these words dozens of times? For being essentially herself-loving, thoughtful, 
patient, and forgiving?

	　　一个成年女子该怎样感谢母亲依然如故的角色?感谢在被问到时她会及时提供良言，而在不需要时她会保持沉默?感谢她没有说：“我告诉过你”，而她本来可以说上许多次?感谢她始终不变的爱心、体贴周到、耐心与宽容厚道?

	　　I don't know how, dear God, except to bless her as richly as she deserves 
and to help me live up to the example she has set. I pray that I will look as 
good in the eyes of my children as my mother looks in mine.

	　　我不知道该怎样来表达，亲爱的上帝，除了请求你好好地保佑她让她拥有应得的富足，并帮助我朝她做出的榜样看齐。我祈愿在孩子的眼里我会如同母亲在我眼里一般好。

	　　A daughter

	　　一个女儿
