
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　One thing you simply cannot ignore about your relationship is that there is 
another person in your life. Your partner is someone you have to care for, think 
about regularly, support and comfort.

	　　在恋爱中有件不可忽视的事，就是在你的生活中还有另外一个人。这个人需要你关心、想念、支持和安慰。

	　　If you are not fulfilling these duties, your partner will feel neglected 
and hurt. Relationships can feel strained when you are neither confident in 
yourself nor feel personal self-worth.

	　　如果你没有做到这些，你的另一半会感觉到被忽视和受伤。如果你既不自信也感觉不到自己的价值，那么你们的爱情就会变得岌岌可危。

	　　This is when you might feel overly dependent on a relationship, have low 
self-esteem and experience anxiety.

	　　这时你在恋爱中会感觉极度依赖、自卑、焦虑。

	　　So, what can you do when you feel yourself slipping into this pattern of 
emotional outbursts, self-doubt and dependency? Take time to self-reflect on 
your own life goals and ambitions.

	　　那么，当你感觉自己的这种情绪爆发、并自我怀疑、过分依赖时该怎么办呢?花些时间反省一下你自己的生活目标和理想吧。

	　　If tomorrow your partner was out of the equation, would you still feel 
content in the other areas of your life? If your goal is to look and feel 
healthier, set aside the time to exercise, meditate and eat well.

	　　如果明天你的伴侣离你而去，你是否仍然能从生活的其他方面得到满足?如果你的目标是要看起来并感觉更健康，就留出时间去锻炼、冥想、健康饮食。

	　　If your goal is to switch jobs, start meeting with recruiters and 
networking. Making strides in your own life will allow you to be more present 
for someone else.

	　　如果你的目标是换工作，那就开始和招聘人员会面交流、多参加社交活动。在生活中大有进步会使你在别人面前看起来更与时俱进。

	　　Feeling emotionally dependent on your partner is comparable to that 
dreadful feeling of heartbreak when a relationship collapses.

	　　情感上过于依赖另一半，其伤害程度不亚于分手时心碎的可怕感觉。

	　　That pressure you experience on your chest feels permanent, you feel 
confused and overwhelmed. You constantly feel hopeless and alone, even when your 
partner is in the room.

	　　你胸口所感受到的压力好像一直存在，你会感到困惑、不知所措。甚至当你的伴侣在房间里时，你也会不断地感到绝望、孤单。

	　　It is as if nothing anyone says or does is enough. This is because nothing 
anyone does can give you enough unless you feel love for yourself.

	　　就好像任何人说什么做什么都不足以让你感觉好起来，这是因为除非你自己感受到爱，否则任何人做的任何事都不能给你足够的温暖。
