
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　We live in a world where criticizing people and focusing on negative 
attributes seems to be the social norm.

	　　我们生活在一个这样的世界里：人们恣意批评他人，专注于消极情绪，而这些似乎成为了社会规范。

	　　It all begins within yourself, and you have to want to change things for 
the better. If you can’t change your environment, you can at least change your 
own ways.

	　　这一切都取决于你自己，你必须要为变得更好而改变。如果你不能改变环境，你至少可以改变自己的方式。

	　　一、Get good at something 有一技之长

	　　Sometimes all it takes is a little talent. Taking up a hobby or refining a 
talent can do wonders for your confidence. If you feel brave enough, you can 
show other people your hard work. It never hurts to hear a little praise on 
occasion.

	　　有时候所需要的仅是一点点天赋。培养一种爱好或发挥天赋，这对增强信心起着不可思议的作用。如果你能勇敢面对，你可以让其他人看到你的勤奋工作。偶尔听一听赞扬也没什么不好。

	　　二、Keep a journal 写日志

	　　You are your own worst critic, but you don’t have to be. Recording your 
accomplishments or writing about things that make you happy can help you realize 
your own self worth. Life is worth living and you should remind yourself of 
that.

	　　你是你自己最刻薄的批评家，但是你不需要这样去做。记录你的成就或写一些能让自己快乐的事情，这可以帮助实现你的自我价值。生活值得活下去，你应该提醒自己这一点。

	　　三 、Keep fit 保持健康

	　　Exercising and eating healthy food can make you feel good about the choices 
you make for yourself. When you notice how good and healthy you look, you won’t 
have reason to try to hide behind baggy clothes.

	　　锻炼和吃健康的食物可以让你为自己所做的选择感觉良好。当你意识到你看起来是那么的良好和健康时，你将不会找理由试图把自己藏到宽松的衣服里。

	　　四 、Take care of yourself 照顾好自己

	　　Do something that you want to do. If nobody wants to see that cheesy movie 
with you, go by yourself and don’t get into the mindset that only losers go to 
the movies alone. Being independent and not having to constantly have 
companionship is a strength, not a weakness.

	　　做你想做的事。如果没有人愿意陪你看那种俗气的电影，那就自己去吧，但是不要陷入只有失败者才会独自去看电影的心理模式。保持独立而非成群结队是一种优势，而不是劣势。

	　　五 、Turn into an optimist 做个乐观主义者

	　　It makes no sense remarking on the dark clouds while ignoring the rainbow. 
Seeking positive ideas and looking at the “bright side” can affect your mood for 
the better. Focusing on the good things in life can help you hold your head 
high, knowing that life is good, even when it seems bad.

	　　忽视彩虹却只把重点放在乌云上，这是完全没有意义的。寻求积极的想法，看到“光明的一面”可以让你的情绪变得更好。关注生活中美好的东西让你能抬头挺胸，即使当生活看起来糟糕，你也会明白它是美好的。
