
	　　每天分享一篇中英双语美文，对英语口语的练习很有帮助，也是积累英语考试中写作，翻译素材的好资料，加油吧!

	　　1. One is always on a strange road, watching strange scenery and listening 
to strange music. Then one day, you will find that the things you try hard to 
forget are already gone.

	　　1.一个人总要走陌生的路，看陌生的风景，听陌生的歌，然后在某个不经意的瞬间，你会发现，原本是费尽心机想要忘记的事情真的就那么忘记了。

	　　2. Happiness is not about being immortal nor having food or rights in one's 
hand. It’s about having each tiny wish come true, or having something to eat 
when you are hungry or having someone's love when you need love.

	　　2.幸福，不是长生不老，不是大鱼大肉，不是权倾朝野。幸福是每一个微小的生活愿望达成。当你想吃的时候有得吃，想被爱的时候有人来爱你。

	　　3. Love is a lamp, while friendship is the shadow. When the lamp is off, 
you will find the shadow everywhere. Friend is who can give you strength at 
last.

	　　3.爱情是灯，友情是影子，当灯灭了，你会发现你的周围都是影子。朋友，是在最后可以给你力量的人。

	　　4.I love you not for who you are, but for who I am before you.

	　　4.我爱你不是因为你是谁，而是我在你面前可以是谁。

	　　5.Love makes man grow up or sink down.

	　　5.爱情，要么让人成熟，要么让人堕落。

	　　6. If you can hold something up and put it down, it is called 
weight-lifting; if you can hold something up but can never put it down, it's 
called burden-bearing. Pitifully, most of people are bearing heavy burdens when 
they are in love.

	　　6.举得起放得下的叫举重，举得起放不下的叫负重。可惜，大多数人的爱情，都是负重的。

	　　7. We all live in the past. We take a minute to know someone, one hour to 
like someone, and one day to love someone, but the whole life to forget 
someone.

	　　7.我们每个人都生活在各自的过去中，人们会用一分钟的时间去认识一个人，用一小时的时间去喜欢一个人，再用一天的时间去爱上一个人，到最后呢，却要用一辈子的时间去忘记一个人。

	　　8. One may fall in love with many people during the lifetime. When you 
finally get your own happiness, you will understand the previous sadness is kind 
of treasure, which makes you better to hold and cherish the people you love.

	　　8.一个人一生可以爱上很多的人，等你获得真正属于你的幸福之后，你就会明白一起的伤痛其实是一种财富，它让你学会更好地去把握和珍惜你爱的人。

	　　9. When you are young, you may want several love experiences. But as time 
goes on, you will realize that if you really love someone, the whole life will 
not be enough. You need time to know, to forgive and to love. All this needs a 
very big mind.

	　　9.年轻的时候会想要谈很多次恋爱，但是随着年龄的增长，终于领悟到爱一个人，就算用一辈子的时间，还是会嫌不够。慢慢地去了解这个人，体谅这个人，直到爱上为止，是需要有非常宽大的胸襟才行。

	　　10. When tomorrow turns in today, yesterday, and someday that no more 
important in your memory, we suddenly realize that we r pushed forward by time. 
This is not a train in still in which you may feel forward when another train 
goes by. It is the truth that we've all grown up. And we become different.

	　　10.当明天变成了今天成为了昨天，最后成为记忆里不再重要的某一天，我们突然发现自己在不知不觉中已被时间推着向前走，这不是静止火车里，与相邻列车交错时，仿佛自己在前进的错觉，而是我们真实的在成长，在这件事里成了另一个自己。

	　　11.If you leave me, please don't comfort me because each sewing has to meet 
stinging pain.

	　　11.离开我就别安慰我，要知道每一次缝补也会遭遇穿刺的痛。

	　　12. Don’t forget the things you once you owned. Treasure the things you 
can’t get. Don't give up the things that belong to you and keep those lost 
things in memory.

	　　12.曾经拥有的，不要忘记。不能得到的，更要珍惜。属于自己的，不要放弃。已经失去的，留作回忆。
